the super zoo is the code stare and
belong next on the show in different a
NIDA starter at even immense dude my
least favorite and into town in a
marathon factor home the and bashes deal
and for skill in the discipline sandy do
tall for the teen decade named supers is
great it's one of the biggest
competitions I love the people here the
booths and the people work into the
place and the groomers everything about
it is wonderful to be here
sandy means metal husky skatey deal Anat
on the deal freestyle by legally data
and fantasy defray Logan a lotta
I've lots of respect for those other
groomers they're tough competition and
their work is beautiful it is a contest
yes I do want to win it is a competition
I want to know my work was really good
and better than other people's you know
it is a contest
sandy bill from Hans KD and SPRO QC huge
market the eNOS Adam wouldn't drag for
Stella the rails ahem Anna um becomes
onto verbs gotten in horn got my basic
design pretty well done I'm just going
through and making sure a little detail
work is smooth I'll just keep going over
until they kicked me out I'm just gonna
go over and over and over making sure
all that little detail stuff looks good
Sandi and the unbroken D data clay has
cystic we need to detect only Isis after
etiquette and of the Sur loop the public
the silicon the data and that's much at
America at a medium a clicker hope I
chose a table to the back because people
work taking photographs and I don't care
if they take pictures but when they
actually call your dog you know bump you
poppy pop you try to get the dog to look
and your dog moves and you can make a
really bad mistake you can even cut your
dog's so people that call your dog I get
really mad at so you can take all the
pictures you want as long as even quote
slowly and quietly I think it's totally
disrespectful we had one year we had
somebody over your squeeze than a
squeaky toy at the dogs and that is
really really disrespectful